it's alive
it's alive it can't be saved it's gonna
die it's alive its alive its alive its
alive no nobody knows how this thing
happened it's really a matter of
speculation and I think perhaps that's
for the best after all if we find out
that the cause is medication that we
manufacture and it was administered over
a long period of time on it what are
your interests recommend absolute
destruction of this thing
it went down the storm drains that's how
it can travel the length of the city
without anybody seeing
touch me how to touch me they stole my
money - did you see did you see was it
what are you replaced cameras out of my
face please I don't know your comment
had nothing to do with this will you get
that thing out of my face no way gonna
kill you - why
you know why he didn't kill you
you've never been exposed to
radioactivity in radioactive material or
undergone extensive x-rays know that I
told you can't rule out genetic damage
yeah
my department has already cautioned the
police about excessive violence if it
could be dispatched with a bullet er or
better still some kind of a gas
undoubtedly it is very small and any
kind of bodily harm especially from
gunshots or explosives in other words
you want me you're to sign away the body
is that it what did your right after all
you are the child's father
you